README.md, before:

# Awesome D3 [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

This list keeps track of interesting [D3js](http://d3js.org) libraries, plugins and utilities.
<br />We decided not to list tutorials, resources or concepts here, because there is already a **[very good list of readings](https://github.com/mbostock/d3/wiki/Tutorials)** out there you can check out and contribute to.

Curators: [Moritz Klack](http://www.twitter.com/moklick) and [Christopher Möller](http://www.twitter.com/chrtze) of [webkid.io](http://www.webkid.io)


## Charts

- [bullet chart](https://github.com/d3/d3-plugins/tree/master/bullet) - Bullet chart
- [cirrus.js](http://planet-os.github.io/cirrusjs/) - A multi-renderer charts library
- [cubism](https://square.github.io/cubism/) - Time Series Visualization
- [cola.js](http://marvl.infotech.monash.edu/webcola/) - Layout for graph visualization and exploration
- [c3](http://c3js.org/) - Reusable chart library
- [dc](http://dc-js.github.io/dc.js/) - For heavy amounts of data
- [dimple](http://dimplejs.org) - An object-oriented API for business analytics
- [d3.chart](http://misoproject.com/d3-chart/) - Framework for building reusable charts
- [d3fc](http://scottlogic.github.io/d3fc/) - A collection of interactive chart components
- [d3pie](https://github.com/benkeen/d3pie) - A configurable pie chart lib and generator
- [D3xter](https://github.com/NathanEpstein/D3xter) - Straight forward plotting
- [D4](http://visible.io/) - Re-usable charts DSL
- [epoch](http://fastly.github.io/epoch) - A general purpose, real-time visualization library
- [firespray](https://github.com/boundary/firespray) - Streaming charts
- [forest-d3](https://github.com/robinfhu/forest-d3) - A time series charting library
- [Gantt-Chart](https://github.com/dk8996/Gantt-Chart) - Gantt chart library
- [metricsgraphics](http://metricsgraphicsjs.org/) - Optimized for visualizing time-series data
- [micropolar](http://micropolar.org/) - A polar chart library 
- [mpld3](http://mpld3.github.io/) - Export matplotlib graphics to work in the Browser
- [nvd3](http://nvd3.org/) - Re-usable charts and chart components
- [plottablejs](http://plottablejs.org/) - Flexible, interactive charts for the web
- [pykcharts](http://pykcharts.com/) - Themeable, responsive, modular, real-time charts and 109+ maps
- [radar chart](https://github.com/alangrafu/radar-chart-d3) - Radar chart module 
- [rickshaw](https://github.com/shutterstock/rickshaw) - Toolkit for creating interactive real-time graphs
- [sankey](https://github.com/d3/d3-plugins/tree/master/sankey) - Plugin to create Sankey Diagrams
- [taucharts](http://www.taucharts.com/) - Charts with a focus on design and flexibility
- [techanjs](http://techanjs.org/) - A visual, stock charting and technical analysis 
- [uvCharts](http://imaginea.github.io/uvCharts/index.html)  - Supports lots of different chart types
- [vega](http://trifacta.github.io/vega/) - A visualization grammar
- [xkcdgraphs](https://github.com/imkevinxu/xkcdgraphs) - Xkcd style graphs

##### Third Party

- [angular-nvd3](http://krispo.github.io/angular-nvd3) - NVd3 for Angular
- [d3 simplecharts](https://wordpress.org/plugins/d3-simplecharts/) - A d3 wordpress plugin
- [ember charts](http://addepar.github.io/#/ember-charts/overview) - Charts for Ember
- [n3-charts](http://n3-charts.github.io/line-chart/#/) - Charts for Angular
- [react-d3](https://github.com/esbullington/react-d3) - Charts for React
- [react-d3-components](https://github.com/codesuki/react-d3-components) - D3 Components for React

##### Reusable Chart Frameworks

- [d3.graph](http://misoproject.com/d3-chart/) - Part of Miso
- [kotojs](http://kotojs.org/) - ES6 based framework

## Maps

- [carto map](https://github.com/emeeks/d3-carto-map) - A mapping API that uses D3 geospatial functionality
- [composite-projections](http://rveciana.github.io/d3-composite-projections/) - Set of projections for showing countries' distant lands together
- [datamaps](http://datamaps.github.io/) - Customizable map visualizations in one file
- [d3 cartogram](http://prag.ma/code/d3-cartogram/) - Cartograms with D3 & TopoJSON
- [d3 geo projection](https://github.com/d3/d3-geo-projection) - Extended geographic projections
- [d3 geomap](http://d3-geomap.github.io/) - Library for creating geographic maps
- [simple map](http://code.minnpost.com/simple-map-d3/) - Easy choropleth style maps 
- [mapsense.js](https://github.com/mapsense/mapsense.js) - Full resolution vector maps with D3

##### Third Party

- [leaflet-d3](https://github.com/Asymmetrik/leaflet-d3) - Collection of plugins for using D3 with Leaflet
- [Wikimaps-D3js Atlas](https://github.com/WikimapsAtlas/make-modules) - Command line utility and D3js based library to generate raster, topojson and svg maps

## Utils

- [d3-extended](https://github.com/wbkd/d3-extended) - Extends d3 with some common jQuery functions
- [d3-helpers](https://github.com/bahmutov/d3-helpers) - Little utility functions
- [d3-kit](https://github.com/twitter/d3kit) - A set of tools to speed D3 related project development
- [d3-Labeler](https://github.com/tinker10/D3-Labeler) - Plug-in for automatic label placement
- [d3-legend](http://d3-legend.susielu.com/) - Legend helper
- [d3-plus](http://d3plus.org/) - An extension to the D3 library that allows fast and easy creation of data visualizations
- [d3.sketchy](https://github.com/sebastian-meier/d3.sketchy) - Creates sketchy backgrounds, shapes and lines
- [d3-starterkit](https://github.com/1wheel/d3-starterkit) - Helper functions simplifying common and verbose d3 patterns 
- [d3-tip](https://github.com/Caged/d3-tip) - Tooltips helper
- [d3-trail](https://github.com/bmschmidt/D3-trail) - A layout for creating better path elements with d3
- [d3.slider](https://github.com/turban/d3.slider) - jQuery UI inspired slider
- [jetpack](https://github.com/gka/d3-jetpack) - Nifty convenience wrappers that speed up your daily work
- [kodama](http://darkmarmot.github.io/kodama/) - Tooltip Plugin
- [textures](http://riccardoscalco.github.io/textures/) - SVG patterns for Data Visualization

## Miscellaneous

- [dragit](https://github.com/romsson/dragit) - A toolkit to enable the manipulation of data graphics
- [d3moji](https://github.com/mathisonian/d3moji) - First class emoji support
- [d3-cloud](https://github.com/jasondavies/d3-cloud) - Word clouds 
- [d3-context-menu](https://github.com/patorjk/d3-context-menu) - Helper to create context-menus
- [d3-resume](https://github.com/glena/d3-resume) - Resume visualizer
- [graph-scroll](http://1wheel.github.io/graph-scroll/) - Simple scrolling events for d3 graphics
- [codeflower](http://www.redotheweb.com/CodeFlower/) - Bird's eye view of the whole code

Commit message:

add d3act, add d3.svg.ribbon

README.md, after:

# Awesome D3 [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

This list keeps track of interesting [D3js](http://d3js.org) libraries, plugins and utilities.
<br />We decided not to list tutorials, resources or concepts here, because there is already a **[very good list of readings](https://github.com/mbostock/d3/wiki/Tutorials)** out there you can check out and contribute to.

Curators: [Moritz Klack](http://www.twitter.com/moklick) and [Christopher Möller](http://www.twitter.com/chrtze) of [webkid.io](http://www.webkid.io)


## Charts

- [bullet chart](https://github.com/d3/d3-plugins/tree/master/bullet) - Bullet chart
- [cirrus.js](http://planet-os.github.io/cirrusjs/) - A multi-renderer charts library
- [cubism](https://square.github.io/cubism/) - Time Series Visualization
- [cola.js](http://marvl.infotech.monash.edu/webcola/) - Layout for graph visualization and exploration
- [c3](http://c3js.org/) - Reusable chart library
- [dc](http://dc-js.github.io/dc.js/) - For heavy amounts of data
- [dimple](http://dimplejs.org) - An object-oriented API for business analytics
- [d3.chart](http://misoproject.com/d3-chart/) - Framework for building reusable charts
- [d3fc](http://scottlogic.github.io/d3fc/) - A collection of interactive chart components
- [d3pie](https://github.com/benkeen/d3pie) - A configurable pie chart lib and generator
- [D3xter](https://github.com/NathanEpstein/D3xter) - Straight forward plotting
- [D4](http://visible.io/) - Re-usable charts DSL
- [epoch](http://fastly.github.io/epoch) - A general purpose, real-time visualization library
- [firespray](https://github.com/boundary/firespray) - Streaming charts
- [forest-d3](https://github.com/robinfhu/forest-d3) - A time series charting library
- [Gantt-Chart](https://github.com/dk8996/Gantt-Chart) - Gantt chart library
- [metricsgraphics](http://metricsgraphicsjs.org/) - Optimized for visualizing time-series data
- [micropolar](http://micropolar.org/) - A polar chart library 
- [mpld3](http://mpld3.github.io/) - Export matplotlib graphics to work in the Browser
- [nvd3](http://nvd3.org/) - Re-usable charts and chart components
- [plottablejs](http://plottablejs.org/) - Flexible, interactive charts for the web
- [pykcharts](http://pykcharts.com/) - Themeable, responsive, modular, real-time charts and 109+ maps
- [radar chart](https://github.com/alangrafu/radar-chart-d3) - Radar chart module 
- [rickshaw](https://github.com/shutterstock/rickshaw) - Toolkit for creating interactive real-time graphs
- [sankey](https://github.com/d3/d3-plugins/tree/master/sankey) - Plugin to create Sankey Diagrams
- [taucharts](http://www.taucharts.com/) - Charts with a focus on design and flexibility
- [techanjs](http://techanjs.org/) - A visual, stock charting and technical analysis 
- [uvCharts](http://imaginea.github.io/uvCharts/index.html)  - Supports lots of different chart types
- [vega](http://trifacta.github.io/vega/) - A visualization grammar
- [xkcdgraphs](https://github.com/imkevinxu/xkcdgraphs) - Xkcd style graphs

##### Third Party

- [angular-nvd3](http://krispo.github.io/angular-nvd3) - NVd3 for Angular
- [d3act](https://github.com/AnSavvides/d3act) - d3 with React
- [d3 simplecharts](https://wordpress.org/plugins/d3-simplecharts/) - A d3 wordpress plugin
- [ember charts](http://addepar.github.io/#/ember-charts/overview) - Charts for Ember
- [n3-charts](http://n3-charts.github.io/line-chart/#/) - Charts for Angular
- [react-d3](https://github.com/esbullington/react-d3) - Charts for React
- [react-d3-components](https://github.com/codesuki/react-d3-components) - D3 Components for React

##### Reusable Chart Frameworks

- [d3.graph](http://misoproject.com/d3-chart/) - Part of Miso
- [kotojs](http://kotojs.org/) - ES6 based framework

## Maps

- [carto map](https://github.com/emeeks/d3-carto-map) - A mapping API that uses D3 geospatial functionality
- [composite-projections](http://rveciana.github.io/d3-composite-projections/) - Set of projections for showing countries' distant lands together
- [datamaps](http://datamaps.github.io/) - Customizable map visualizations in one file
- [d3 cartogram](http://prag.ma/code/d3-cartogram/) - Cartograms with D3 & TopoJSON
- [d3 geo projection](https://github.com/d3/d3-geo-projection) - Extended geographic projections
- [d3 geomap](http://d3-geomap.github.io/) - Library for creating geographic maps
- [simple map](http://code.minnpost.com/simple-map-d3/) - Easy choropleth style maps 
- [mapsense.js](https://github.com/mapsense/mapsense.js) - Full resolution vector maps with D3

##### Third Party

- [leaflet-d3](https://github.com/Asymmetrik/leaflet-d3) - Collection of plugins for using D3 with Leaflet
- [Wikimaps-D3js Atlas](https://github.com/WikimapsAtlas/make-modules) - Command line utility and D3js based library to generate raster, topojson and svg maps

## Utils

- [d3-extended](https://github.com/wbkd/d3-extended) - Extends d3 with some common jQuery functions
- [d3-helpers](https://github.com/bahmutov/d3-helpers) - Little utility functions
- [d3-kit](https://github.com/twitter/d3kit) - A set of tools to speed D3 related project development
- [d3-Labeler](https://github.com/tinker10/D3-Labeler) - Plug-in for automatic label placement
- [d3-legend](http://d3-legend.susielu.com/) - Legend helper
- [d3-plus](http://d3plus.org/) - An extension to the D3 library that allows fast and easy creation of data visualizations
- [d3.sketchy](https://github.com/sebastian-meier/d3.sketchy) - Creates sketchy backgrounds, shapes and lines
- [d3-starterkit](https://github.com/1wheel/d3-starterkit) - Helper functions simplifying common and verbose d3 patterns 
- [d3-tip](https://github.com/Caged/d3-tip) - Tooltips helper
- [d3-trail](https://github.com/bmschmidt/D3-trail) - A layout for creating better path elements with d3
- [d3.slider](https://github.com/turban/d3.slider) - jQuery UI inspired slider
- [d3.svg.ribbon](https://github.com/emeeks/d3.svg.ribbon) - An area interpolator
- [jetpack](https://github.com/gka/d3-jetpack) - Nifty convenience wrappers that speed up your daily work
- [kodama](http://darkmarmot.github.io/kodama/) - Tooltip Plugin
- [textures](http://riccardoscalco.github.io/textures/) - SVG patterns for Data Visualization

## Miscellaneous

- [dragit](https://github.com/romsson/dragit) - A toolkit to enable the manipulation of data graphics
- [d3moji](https://github.com/mathisonian/d3moji) - First class emoji support
- [d3-cloud](https://github.com/jasondavies/d3-cloud) - Word clouds 
- [d3-context-menu](https://github.com/patorjk/d3-context-menu) - Helper to create context-menus
- [d3-resume](https://github.com/glena/d3-resume) - Resume visualizer
- [graph-scroll](http://1wheel.github.io/graph-scroll/) - Simple scrolling events for d3 graphics
- [codeflower](http://www.redotheweb.com/CodeFlower/) - Bird's eye view of the whole code
